Tweetings for Android

Copyright 2011-2012 RBD Solutions Limited trading as DW:design

License

Tweetings for Android version 2.0.0 and higher is licensed under the GNU General Public License (GPL) version 3

Acknowledgements

Twidere

Tweetings for Android is based on the Twidere project. Copyright (C) 2012 Mariotaku Lee. 
Licensed under the GPLv3

Twitter4J

Twitter4J is released under Apache License 2.0.

Copyright 2007 Yusuke Yamamoto

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file 
except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software Distributed under the 
License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, 
either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions
and limitations under the License.

Android-PullToRefresh

Released under the Apache License 2.0.

Copyright 2011, 2012 Chris Banes

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file 
except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software Distributed under the 
License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, 
either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions
and limitations under the License.

Twitter-Text-Java

Copyright 2011 Twitter, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file 
except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software Distributed under the 
License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, 
either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions
and limitations under the License.

Redistribution under the GPLv3

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of
the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either 
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; 
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.
If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Note: The Tweetings icon and most images contained within this source are copyrighted and
in many cases externally licensed. It is prohibited to include these in any redistributed
form, including external repositories without prior written permission.

You must provide your own api keys for Twitter and related services. The Constants.java 
file contains stubs for this information. The API keys can be freely obtained from the
relevant services in question.

Please note we offer no support whatsover for custom builds or custom installs based on 
this code, only from Tweetings downloaded from official sources